[narrator] Previously on The Blacklist:
-Who's Priya Laghari?
-A thief.
I know who you are.
One job. That's all I need.
If Townsend knew we were even talking,
I doubt he'd be so understanding.
We're aligned against Reddington.
We're all against Reddington.
-She and the feds are against us.
-Not what I heard.
Our friend. He's been taken.
[Townsend] Do you know who I am?
I know who you are.
You created the archive
that destroyed my family.
What do I have to steal?
I want you to infiltrate
Neville Townsend's organization.
Priya Laghari.
I have a lot of whys.
Let's hope you're prepared
to offer some answers.
[electricity crackling]
The fancy term for what you and I
are experiencing is hypnagogia.
A state of threshold consciousness
where you've been awake too long.
Where you experience lucid dreams.
Some people call them
hypnagogic hallucinations.
I call them an acid trip without the acid.
I'm having one...
just looking at you.
[electricity crackling]
Daddy. Daddy!
Stop. No!
Stop. Please.
[ominous music playing]
Vor needs you to know
what happens to traitors.
-[gunshots]
-[woman screams]
Stop! Please!
[electricity crackling]
You're incredibly tired
and yet insanely alive.
Your sensations are on fire. Tactile.
Olfactory. Thermal.
You experience synesthesia,
where a sound...
takes you to a memory.
No. Stop.
Please. I'm begging you.
-Don't do this.
-Not the gun.
[woman whimpering]
She gets the knife.
Don't do this.
You don't have to do this.
Please! Please! Please!
[knife slices]
No! No. No.
No. No. Why? Why?
[electricity crackling]
You know who I am.
Why my family was killed.
And what Raymond Reddington
had to do with it.
-I have nothing to say to you.
-Not yet.
Hypnagogic cognition leads
to suggestibility.
Sooner or later,
when I suggest you tell me everything
you know about Raymond Reddington,
you're going to do it.
[electricity crackling]
None of your business where I am,
but I'm not in Moscow.
So if the general's in a meeting,
pull him out.
You spoke with Klebanov?
Yes. And Dragic.
They think there's a purge in the ranks.
This isn't about that.
-Stepanov has enemies.
-What?
He can't be reached. Fine.
When he can be, tell him he's off payroll.
-This may be a domestic dispute.
-It's not.
-It could be--
-It's not!
[suspenseful music playing]
We both know who did this.
Elizabeth or Townsend.
Have you heard from Laghari?
I need to speak to him.
No. You speak with me
and I speak with him.
Mr. Townsend is a stickler
for chain of command.
He can spare five minutes.
Or he can find someone else
to do this job.
I'm a stickler too.
She can't get too close to Townsend.
She's only there to get close to Townsend.
She can't kill him with a thought bubble.
It's Harold. He's here.
Involving the task force is a mistake.
If Townsend has Ivan, Ivan will talk.
And if Harold gets him, he won't?
What Stepanov has to say,
you don't want anyone to hear.
We should extract him ourselves.
We should. But I'm not convinced we can.
Given what's at stake,
we need all the help we can get.
Thank you for coming quickly, Harold.
You made it sound urgent.
An urgent opportunity.
To acquire a treasure trove
of Russian intelligence.
-Was someone turned?
-[Dembe] Abducted.
-Ivan Stepanov.
-Who's that?
[Raymond] Stepanov is Zaslon.
The most elite, most secretive,
most lethal branch of the SVR.
Stepanov knows
where all the bodies are buried
because he buried them.
You said he was abducted. Any leads?
I know where he was taken from and when.
Everything else is suspicion.
I don't know anything more.
Nothing?
How about a healthy sense of irony?
You know the irony of "irony"? It's a word
you understand but can't possibly define.
I can. You asking me
to find a missing Russian spymaster.
Or perhaps you letting
a wildly inaccurate assessment of me
get in the way of finding a man
who can divulge secrets
of one of this country's
principal adversaries.
-The ironies abound.
-They do.
The question is,
what are we gonna do about them?
-[Cooper] We're gonna do nothing.
-You told him that?
I told him we'd look into it.
Which we will as soon as Elizabeth gets
the answers she's looking for.
Mr. Reddington really acted as if he
and Stepanov didn't know each other?
He did. And I acted as if I didn't know
that Stepanov was his handler.
Okay. Let's say Liz gets Stepanov
to admit he works with Mr. Reddington.
-What does that prove?
-Besides that he's a traitor?
He's a facilitator.
The concierge of crime.
He's built an empire by not taking sides.
Look, I know he's probably N-13,
which means he traffics in stolen intel.
I also know it's a safe bet
he used some of that intel
to give us over 150 Blacklisters,
most of whom were committing crimes
either in this country or against it.
[phone rings]
This is Park.
Are we talking about arresting him
or giving him a medal?
Neither.
Our next move depends entirely on Keen.
She's on line one. Keen.
The operator patched her through.
We're here.
-Do you have Stepanov?
-[Cooper] Us? We sent you.
I thought you got cold feet.
Decided I couldn't be trusted.
Got him yourselves.
Are you saying that you don't have him?
I sent a team.
By the time they got there, he was gone.
Townsend take him?
I don't know how. I never said anything.
Stepanov's a Zaslon agent. He has enemies,
but it's hard to believe
one of them happened to abduct him
right out from under us.
The intel we shared with you,
about how to find Stepanov,
you didn't share that with Townsend?
-You told me not to.
-I did.
These days, when I say stop,
you usually go.
I didn't say anything.
If he hacked information,
it wasn't from me. I'm offline.
-You're talking on a cell.
-On a burner I change every day.
If he wanted to hack my phone,
he couldn't.
This line has NSA-approved
end-to-end encryption.
You didn't share the information
any other way?
Yeah, to me.
But that was on my bureau cell.
There's gotta be a different explanation.
For Townsend to hack into my phone,
it means he knows who I am
and was able to access it
or have Tech Services issue me a phone
with malware already installed.
Pretty hard to believe.
Well, Mr. Ripley, believe it or not.
That means Townsend has Stepanov.
Call the CIA station chief in Moscow.
See what she knows about the abduction.
So much for doing nothing
about Reddington's case.
[Cooper] He wants us to get Stepanov.
If we can, the last thing he wants
is for us to interrogate him
about their relationship.
Which is exactly what we're gonna do.
[suspenseful music playing]
Miss Laghari, I'm terribly sorry.
-You're a busy man.
-I am.
And I'm afraid something has come up.
It's unavoidable.
Is this what it's like?
-Come again?
-Working for you.
You come, you go, you summon, I wait?
Is this what it's like?
As I explained--
Seems neglectful, don't you think?
Especially on our first date.
I told Miss Laghari that five minutes--
Yes. That's how long you said I had.
I won't need that long
to tell this won't work,
-if this is how it works.
-Is that right?
You find me, you summon me,
you have your people escort me
through secret tunnels
to get to wherever it is that we are,
then you send me away?
Feels discourteous.
Miss Laghari, I want you to work for me.
I want to pay you
an absurd amount of money to work for me.
With that money comes the understanding
that we work on my schedule
and not yours.
If that's acceptable,
you're enormously rich as of now.
If that offer
somehow feels discourteous...
you see the door.
So...
how rich am I?
[whispering indistinctly]
I'm all yours.
Just let me know when you need me.
-You have Stepanov.
-Elizabeth.
You were spying on me so you could
grab him and, what, bring him here?
I'm not sure what you're referring to.
Agent Ressler's phone.
The malware. He found it.
You've been recording me.
Yes. The calls you made to the FBI
behind my back.
A lot of people, including VanDyke here,
thought I should have put a bullet
in your head.
-We had an agreement.
-[monitor clicks]
[ominous music playing]
It's really him.
I'll be seeing him soon.
Perhaps you'd like to join,
find out what he knows
about Reddington and N-13.
In the meantime,
no more phone calls to the FBI.
[Raymond] I'm sorry,
say that again, Priya.
I said I wasn't able
to fulfill the contract.
He's still alive.
The other part. About the woman.
She stormed in.
Knocked the poison right out of his hand.
She was angry about a man.
Someone he'd abducted. Stepanov.
-She said that name? Stepanov.
-Yes.
-Did you see him?
-No.
But you were inside Townsend's office,
they took you there?
I was. I don't know what floor,
but I'm looking at the building now.
Priya, as soon as we hang up,
text that address to Dembe.
You heard what I said, right? I failed.
Townsend's not dead.
Forget Townsend.
Right now, all I need you to worry about
is getting us that address.
-Yeah. But I thought--
-The address.
Keep an eye on that building
until I call you.
Is Stepanov on-site?
I can't be sure, but Townsend has him
and Elizabeth is there.
It's on Park Avenue.
You want me to assemble a team?
We can't conduct a raid of that size
on Park Avenue.
But Harold can.
If they do, and Stepanov is there,
they'll take him into custody.
The risk is well worth the reward
of getting Ivan away from Townsend.
Unfortunately,
getting Harold to act quickly
requires reading him in on certain facts
I'd hoped to navigate around.
[Cooper] If this is about the case,
we've gotten nowhere.
The Russians aren't cooperating.
Harold, um...
I haven't told you everything
about why I want
your help finding this asset.
The truth is, Ivan Stepanov...
is more than just a Russian
intelligence officer.
Despite what he does, despite what I do...
he's one of my oldest and closest friends.
But as of this moment,
he is in terrible danger,
and I need your help trying to save him.
What kind of danger?
I believe that Townsend has him
at a facility in Manhattan.
And if that's the case,
he'd be well into an interrogation
that could put me and Elizabeth and anyone
in our sphere of influence
in very real jeopardy.
[Aram] Wait, hold on.
What does Stepanov have to do with Liz?
Ivan has knowledge.
About me, my business, my relationships.
Things I hold close,
including things I keep from Elizabeth.
It's at a building on Park Avenue.
We can worry about
how Townsend found him later.
But right now I just... [sighs]
I need to get him out.
Townsend found Stepanov
by tapping Ressler's phone
and listening
as we helped Keen locate him.
Uh-oh.
-You've been in communication?
-[Cooper] We have.
We shared an objective.
You have no idea the harm you've done.
[Cooper] By my count, it would appear
you're the one causing harm,
by feeding us half-truths,
keeping secrets from Elizabeth,
making an enemy of Neville Townsend,
and now by coming to the FBI to help
save your oldest and closest friend,
who just happens to be a Russian spy.
Harold, I need you to extract him.
-What's really going on?
-Please.
This is about more
than you being N-13, isn't it?
About more than your relationship
with the Russians.
He's my oldest friend.
This is about why you came
into her life in the first place.
[dramatic music playing]
Notify the New York field office,
tell them we have a situation.
Have NYPD put eyes on the address.
But keep covert,
I don't wanna draw attention.
Park, see if you can round up
a list of occupants.
Aram, reach out to the city, pull whatever
schematics they have on the building.
[cell phone rings]
[Dembe] It's Priya.
What is it?
-I think he's leaving.
-Who's leaving?
Townsend. Not through the front.
It's a gated entrance. He's got a caravan.
-Are you sure it's him?
-I'm sure.
And she's with him, the woman.
You were right.
We need a team in New York.
Priya, listen to me,
I need you to follow them.
Follow how?
I don't care.
Just do not let them out of your sight.
Do you hear me? You need to follow them.
[suspenseful music playing]
I ran the list of occupants
in the building Mr. Reddington gave us.
Fancy law firms, a terrifying number
of data-mining companies, and this.
-Bunning and Flecker?
-A small accounting firm.
Townsend's accountants?
-Maybe.
-Maybe doesn't get a warrant.
Two of their clients are shell companies.
The owner's disguised.
It could be Townsend.
Does "could be" get us a warrant?
-We'll find out.
-If we go in, I'd like to be a part of it.
Whatever Stepanov knows,
we gotta make it right.
Cynthia. Harold.
I need you to help me get a warrant.
Donald Ressler, FBI. We have a warrant
for the arrest of a Neville Townsend.
Back away from your computers,
keep your hands where we can
see them and listen carefully.
[alarm chiming]
Neville Townsend.
Elizabeth Keen.
Ivan Stepanov. Ring any bells?
Anyone?
They're not clients, if that's
what you're asking. Or employees.
Stepanov is Russian. We believe
he was brought here for interrogation.
Look at this place. Would you bring
anyone here for interrogation?
Someone here knows where he is,
as well as Townsend.
We don't know who that is.
Tear the place apart if you want.
-You're not gonna find anything.
-Thanks, but we got a warrant for that.
-Your hard drives are coming with us.
-[elevator chimes]
We have a problem.
We're gonna bring you in
to the conference room one by one.
Be honest, you'll be good.
Lie to us about Townsend,
you're gonna be charged
as accessories to his many crimes.
[door beeps]
When were the hard drives last backed up?
-Two hours ago. Ten and two--
-Downstairs is walled off?
-You know protocol--
-Yes or no.
-Yes.
-[Godwin] I want everything deleted.
Digital files erased, analog shredded.
And I want it done now.
You first.
The address is 330 West Webster.
330 West Webster.
-You saw Townsend go inside?
-Yes. Townsend and a woman.
-Should I notify Cooper?
-No. Call Chuck.
Miss Laghari, listen very carefully.
I believe
the man Townsend grabbed, Stepanov,
is in that building.
Townsend went there to interrogate him.
-You must prevent that from happening.
-Me?
Stepanov knows things.
If he talks,
if Townsend learns certain things,
the woman who is with him will die.
She's with him.
She and Townsend went inside together.
She doesn't know what Stepanov will say,
but I promise, when he says it,
the first thing Townsend will do
is kill her.
You must get Stepanov out
before Townsend breaks him.
I steal jewels, not people.
I wouldn't ask you
if I could get there in time, but I can't,
so her life depends on you.
I need you to do this.
I'll give you a fortune.
I am begging you to do this.
[electricity crackling]
Normally I wait for hypnagogia
to loosen the tongue,
but I had the naughtiest idea.
Why not give you a taste
of your own medicine?
I know. Genius.
The IV solution was developed
by S-Directorate in the SVR.
Was SP-117 how you got Yurchenko to talk?
And Rybkin?
Personally, I think
that using a truth serum is cheating,
but, you know,
sauce for the goose and all that.
Between the SVR cocktail
and the sleep deprivation,
once you start talking,
-you may never shut up.
-Raymond Reddington.
Tell me about your relationship with him.
["Season of the Witch" playing]
Masha.
[Priya] I know. I'm late.
I should have taken an Uber, not a cab.
But my favorite uncle drives a cab, so--
Anyway, the point is, I'm here.
-I made it for the audition.
-What audition?
-[yelling]
-♪ When I look out my window ♪
♪ Many sights to see ♪
How long?
-Fourteen minutes.
-Too long.
♪ So many different people to be ♪
[Townsend] Yes.
It's Masha.
Masha Rostova.
Your mother was my friend.
She was more than that. I looked into you.
She was your asset
before you betrayed her.
[Stepanov] I can't believe it's you.
Is it true you betrayed my mother
for Reddington?
Let the world believe she was N-13?
[Townsend] That she was responsible
for taking the documents that led to
the death of my family, when it was him.
When he was really N-13.
You helped Reddington kill Rostova,
didn't you?
You hoped the truth would die with her.
You're both responsible
for what happened to my family.
[Liz] Give it to me.
-I'm here to help you.
-You have a funny way of showing it.
Come on, come on.
♪ And when I look in my window ♪
Reddington sent me.
[Townsend] N-13.
Tell me. Was it Katarina Rostova
or Raymond Reddington?
[Priya] He told me to keep Stepanov
from telling Townsend the truth.
Rostova...
or Reddington?
♪ You've got to pick up every stitch ♪
-[inaudible dialogue]
-♪ Two rabbits runnin' in the ditch ♪
♪ Oh, no ♪
He said if Townsend learns the truth,
he'll kill you.
♪ Must be the season of the witch, yeah ♪
♪ Must be the season of the witch ♪
[suspenseful music playing]
[Ressler] The SEC filings
are being pulled.
The paper trail's gonna tell the story.
What story?
I don't know what you're talking about.
-You know more than you're saying.
-No. I don't.
And I've never heard
of a Neville Townsend.
-You're implying he's my boss.
-I'm just asking.
There's nothing illegal going on here.
-[Ressler] I don't believe you.
-[man] Doesn't matter.
Offshore banking is not illegal,
unless it's for purposes of tax evasion.
-Which this is not.
-Are you sure?
Positive. And you know what else?
-I want my lawyer.
-I want a lawyer.
Come on. Quicker!
Say I did know something.
What if I cooperated?
-What then?
-It depends on what you know.
What do you mean, Reddington hired you?
I was contracted.
You were contracted by Obenrader
for a service. I set up the pickup.
Which got me inside the company
and close to Townsend.
VanDyke, we got a situation.
-Reddington sent you to kill Townsend?
-There's been a change of plans.
-[VanDyke] What's going on?
-A floater. South entry.
Reddington got rid of the guy
who runs heists for Townsend,
so you could take his place.
-To place you inside the organization.
-You're in danger.
-If Stepanov talks--
-How do you know about Stepanov?
I don't. All I know is that whatever
Stepanov says will put you in danger.
-You need to come with me.
-I don't think so.
[suspenseful music playing]
Hello, Priya.
It's funny seeing you here.
-What's going on, ladies?
-That's what I'm trying to figure out.
-What?
-Take Miss Laghari away.
[Liz] What's going on?
Why are you looking at me like that?
-What are you gonna do to her?
-[Townsend] Nothing...
compared to what I'm going to do to you.
-[VanDyke] Where you wanna take her?
-No idea, but we need to move her.
If Laghari knows we're here,
Reddington knows.
Take Laghari to see Mr. Peebs.
Have him get her to talk.
-Find out what she knows.
-What about the Russian?
Put a bullet in his head.
Just make sure nobody finds the body.
[suspenseful music playing]
Watching you suffer...
is going to positively destroy him.
-The truck! Get to the truck!
-[Priya] The woman, they have her!
[man] Keen! She's here!
Cut him free, Chuck.
Raymond, Elizabeth is here.
Raymond, do you copy?
Yes, Dembe.
Sir, we have to go.
-Sir.
-I'm not leaving him here.
Laghari, there's too many!
Ringo, I need you to plug it up!
-How is she?
-She'll be fine.
You're gonna lawyer up too?
You got nothing to say?
[knocking on door]
-[door opens]
-Give me a minute.
Senior account manager rolled.
Claims Townsend keeps a residence
on the top two floors.
-There's nothing on the plans.
-No button. It's a private, keyed entry.
Come on.
[inaudible dialogue]
[Ressler] Aram, I need a trace
on a satellite feed.
Raymond.
You came.
Yes, of course I came.
Now we just gotta get out of here.
[suspenseful music playing]
-What do we know?
-[VanDyke] They took cover.
Barricaded themselves inside the cooler
and jammed the door from the inside.
-[Townsend] We know who's in there?
-Reddington. The Russian.
-Two of his people, maybe more.
-Keen?
Elizabeth?
You in there?
I do hope you're in there.
I need you for this next part,
which promises to be rather awful.
While you have a moment,
I suggest that you and Raymond
reflect upon the concept of loss.
I know it well.
I feel it in every breath I take.
Every moment that [chuckles] I sleep.
Loss became a part of me
when I watched my wife and children die
before my very eyes.
But today, Raymond,
I'm gonna give you that burden.
I'm gonna show you loss.
Today, I'm going to kill Elizabeth
while you watch.
I don't care what you do
to get them out of there,
just make sure
Reddington and Keen are alive.
We got a problem. That was Magnus.
Feds raided Park Avenue.
They found the penthouse and proxy office.
-[Townsend] How long ago?
-Don't know, but we should assume--
No, no, no. Never assume.
The fact is, it won't take long
for them to find us here.
So your timeline has moved up.
But I still want them both alive.
What did you tell him?
What could you possibly say
to suddenly make me his enemy?
-Let him rest.
-What did you say?
-Masha...
-Don't call me that.
Elizabeth, please.
[Liz] I know who you are, Ivan.
You're my grandfather's protégé.
My mother's and Reddington's friend.
He needs to rest.
Is this really what she would've wanted?
Your mother only ever wanted
to keep you safe.
He's bleeding.
It's from the abdomen.
I can't feel an exit wound.
He needs a doctor now.
Hold this.
Ivan, hold this tight.
-We can't stay here. We need to go.
-Go where? We're surrounded.
[clattering]
[Dembe] I need a cube at Kings County.
No, not for Raymond. For an associate.
-We need an escort.
-[Dembe] And an escort. Heavy arms.
[Raymond] Chuck,
what do we have for weapons?
Have my M4, Dembe's SIG,
your Glock, your Browning.
I have two flash bangs.
This, some sort of electric shock collar.
Is that your armored truck?
Ringo's in place, standing by.
What do you have in mind?
I have a couple of ideas.
[Raymond] Chuck, your knife.
It's not gonna be long
before they come down that vent.
-[Dembe] What do we have?
-[Chuck] Whatever's left in the Browning.
Two magazines for the pistols.
My M4's got about a half a mag.
We got movement down here.
We need to extract.
[Chuck] Copy that.
We're moving as fast as we can.
They're getting close.
I need you to give me a weapon.
I can help you.
Okay, ready.
I think.
Hold it.
Go.
[intense music playing]
[electricity crackling]
[engine starts]
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Okay, then.
I think we're done now.
Raymond, I'd like you and Elizabeth
to step out of the vehicle.
-Do not go out there.
-I have the second flash bang.
I can detonate it
and give Dembe a chance to get--
-Elizabeth--
-He won't hurt me
if you can't see it.
He's insane.
You have no idea what he'll do.
-Let's find out.
-Eliz--
[man] Not so fast. Uh-uh.
Hand it over.
[man] FBI! Don't move!
[indistinct shouting]
Go, Dembe! Go!
Put the gun down! Keen, do it. Now.
Show me your hands.
[Ressler] Put it down!
It's all right. Just hold on.
We lost Townsend and Keen?
And Stepanov.
Reddington squirreled him away.
Aram's piecing together a CCTV trail
to see if he can track them.
[Ressler] Wherever Townsend
and Keen went, it wasn't together.
I lost an SUV
headed through the Lincoln Tunnel.
That was Townsend.
Reddington's team extracted Stepanov
and went south. Keen was on foot.
I got a southbound vehicle crossed
into Brooklyn over the Manhattan Bridge
before pulling into a building at...
-703 Hudson.
-All right, we're on our way.
I'll meet you there.
[suspenseful music playing]
Jax. Hey. It's me.
-Where are you? What's going on?
-Listen.
I need you to reach out,
tell everyone to go dark.
-Call Skip. Have him burn everything.
-What's happening?
I'll call you when I know more.
[Priya] I didn't get there in time.
I asked you to do something
I had no business asking you to do.
And you tried to do it.
Not many would.
I have no idea what this is all about,
but I can tell how much it matters to you.
What happens to him and to Elizabeth.
I hope it works out.
I'm gonna give you a number.
You'll ask for Marvin Gerard.
He knows to give you what you're owed.
I got what I'm owed.
-And, uh, then some.
-[chuckling] Oh, my goodness.
Serves him right
for having a safe at home.
Priya, I miss you already.
I know.
How is he?
Tired but stable.
We removed the bullet.
He's lucky. Most people would be in agony,
but he was pumped so full of barbiturates
that he barely felt anything.
[dramatic music playing]
Doctor says you're gonna be okay.
I let you down.
No, you didn't.
He knows.
I am to blame for that.
If you insist on taking blame,
take it for something
you're actually responsible for...
Me.
What I am, I am because of you.
You can take the blame for that.
She's so beautiful.
I waited 35 years to meet her.
And when I did...
I painted a target on her back.
["The End" playing]
Rest.
You have a lot of sleep to catch up on.
The FBI is here.
[in Russian] I love you, my friend.
♪ Runnin' with the street lights ♪
♪ Laughin' at the grave ♪
♪ He swears he's gonna give it up ♪
♪ It's never gonna be enough ♪
[in English] Take very,
very good care of him.
♪ When you're all alone ♪
♪ Thinking 'bout a better day ♪
♪ When ya had it in your bones ♪
♪ This could be the end ♪
[Cooper] We're taking Stepanov
into custody.
You'll take him to the morgue unless
you let my team finish working on him.
There's an ambulance on the way.
When it gets here, he's coming with us.
In the meantime,
what should we talk about?
How about the Russian Knot.
My communications with Stepanov.
You worked with Elizabeth
to decrypt them, helped her find Ivan.
You mean, your Russian handler.
Agent Park, I look forward to the day
when you are as wise
as you are aggressive.
Until then, I suggest you protect yourself
from further embarrassment
by saying nothing.
We've decrypted your messages.
We know you work together.
[Raymond] But you don't know how.
So you guess.
In my world,
that's what comes of guesswork.
We wouldn't have to guess
if you were honest with us.
I am honest with you. All of you.
I told you
I was withholding that information
because sharing it
would put Elizabeth's life in danger.
I asked you not to pursue
that information,
but you went behind my back
and pursued it anyway.
Without being honest with me.
And the result of your dishonesty?
My oldest friend was shot,
Elizabeth is on the run,
and Neville Townsend is after her.
I make no apologies
about tracking down Stepanov.
He may be your oldest friend,
but he's also a Russian intelligence agent
who we'll question.
And when he tells us
what I think he'll tell us
about the damage you've done
to this country, well,
since you insist on honesty,
we're gonna arrest you on the spot.
♪ Once you've had the good stuff ♪
♪ Never gonna fill you up ♪
♪ I wanna be the one who ♪
♪ Gives 'em all the world ♪
♪ And gives 'em all a feel of it ♪
♪ Just a little taste of it ♪
-♪ This could be the end ♪
-Out. Get out.
♪ This could be the end ♪
I'm told the feds got nothing
but shredded paper.
And about 36 million in precious gems.
Issue a new directive
for Elizabeth Keen, Donald Ressler
and her whole FBI crew.
Laghari too.
[Raymond] Forget Stepanov.
He's a distraction.
Focus on Townsend.
-He's turned on Elizabeth?
-Yes.
As well as anyone else I care about.
Which, believe it or not,
includes you, Harold.
We're all in his crosshairs now.
And the only way out is to work together.
I'm willing to do that. Are you?
[closing theme playing]